Add Context tags and languages support (#882)
capawesome-team/capacitor-plugins: .changeset/easy-doors-thank.md

---
'@capawesome/capacitor-pixlive': minor
---

> Tags and Languages are mapped from VDARContext to the JSObject

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@capawesome/capacitor-pixlive': patch
---

feat: expose tags and languages from VDARContext
```
